= HTTPS Finder Help (written for v0.51)=

==Topics:==

    About the Settings 

    Whitelisting

    Detection Types

    Writing rules

    Troubleshooting

===About the Settings===
In HTTPS Finder there are three main preferences:

  * "Enable HTTPS Finder" will control whether or not HTTPS Finder functions as you browse.  Checked is on, unchecked is off.


  * "Do not prompt to save HTTPS rule" acts just as it says.  You will not be prompted to create any HTTPS Everywhere rules.  However, the rules will not be created automatically.  This should only be checked if you have a specific reason why you're not using HTTPS Everywhere.

  * "Automatically forward to HTTPS if available" will automatically redirect you to the secure page when HTTPS Finder detects it.  It is important to realize that depending on the website, services offered over HTTPS may be different than those offered over HTTP (For example, Google over HTTPS disables image search).  You can enable automatic forwarding and simply whitelist those domains that you do not wish to use HTTPS on in the future.

Version 0.50 adds an Advanced tab with the following options:

  * "Use HEAD detection first".  GET and HEAD are two types of HTTP requests.  GET basically requests page content from the server, whereas HEAD requests just the content headers.  This means that HEAD detection uses less bandwidth and provides faster detection results on most websites.  However, some websites don't support HEAD requests and will return an HTTP "403" or "405" status code.  When using HEAD first, HTTPS Finder will try to catch these cases and retry using GET detection. 

     The default "HEAD first" setting will yield quicker results, but if
     you have a fast internet connection you can try unchecking this setting to use GET detection only.  

  * "Show rule preview" uses a popup dialog to show you the HTTPS Everywhere rule generated by HTTPS Finder.  This window allows editing of the rule before saving.  Click "Cancel" to go back without saving a rule, or "OK" to save the rule as it appears in the window.  



===Whitelisting===

Whitelisting allows you to specify domains in which you do not want HTTPS Finder to detect or notify about HTTPS results.  You can Add, Remove, or Modify whitelist rules in the Preferences window.  

Whitelist rules are matched by hostname.  For example, to whitelist Google search, you would add the rule "www.google.com".  Note that with this rule only, HTTPS Finder will still detect on "google.com".  Some websites forward "theirdomain.com" to "www.theirdomain.com", but if you want to be sure you're whitlisting a host, you can add both "www.google.com" and "google.com".  

HTTPS Finder allows wildcard subdomains.  For example, if you whitelist "{{{*}}}.google.com", all Google subdomains will be whitelisted (Mail.google.com, Code.google.com, Www.google.com, etc).  Note that google.com is not added in this rule, because it's not a subdomain.  

In HTTPS Finder 0.44 or later, the "Add to Whitelist" button appears right on the notification drop down.  When you click it, HTTPS Finder will automatically whitelist the currently displayed hostname.  


===Detection Types===

As mentioned in the "About the Settings" section, HTTPS Finder can operate in two modes: either GET only, or HEAD (falling back to GET when necessary).  More information on these can be found here: https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/HTTP#Request_methods


===Writing rules===
Rule writing should be automatic.  If you're having trouble with a certain rule, or want to learn how to edit the HTTPS Everywhere rule in the "Rule Preview" window, go here to learn more: https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere/rulesets


===Troubleshooting===
*---Rules not working*

You can see all of your HTTPS Everywhere rules in the following locations: 

On Windows: {{{%APPDATA%\Mozilla\Firefox\(your profile directory)\HTTPSEverywhereUserRules}}}


On Linux: {{{~/.mozilla/firefox/<profile folder="">}}}, where ~ is your Home folder.

On Mac: {{{~/Library/Mozilla/Firefox/Profiles/<profile folder="">}}} Or {{{~/Library/Application Support/Firefox/Profiles/<profile folder=""> }}}, where ~ is your Home folder.

First, try deleting the problematic rules, then recreate them with the newest version of HTTPS Finder.  If this does not work, see the instructions for rule writing here: https://www.eff.org/https-everywhere/rulesets.  You can then try to edit the rule before saving it using the Rule Preview window.


*---HTTPS not being detected*

If HTTPS is not being detected on a site that you visit, when you know that HTTPS is available you can try the following: 

In version 0.50 of newer, go to HTTPS Finder Preferences > Advanced > uncheck "Use HEAD detection".  It's possible that the server is sending back a non-standard error code when it receives the request.  Unchecking this will use GET detection only.

If that doesn't solve it, there could be a problem with the certificate error.  HTTPS Finder will not alert when any of the following certificate errors are present: 
  * Not Verified/Unknown

  * Certificate Revoked

  * Certificate Expired

  * Certificate Not Trusted

  * Issuer Not Trusted

  * Issuer Unknown

  * Invalid CA

  * Usage Not Allowed

Verify that the website that you're trying to access does not have an invalid SSL certificate.


_If you're still having trouble, email httpsfinder@gmail.com for support_